---
layout: post
title: Reading List 2014
date: 2015-01-20 13:00:00 -0500
updated: 2016-05-25
tags: [books]
---
I bought a Kindle paperwhite last year and noticed 2 things. First I read a lot more. Second, now my iPad's only use is as 2nd monitor. Taking an idea from [Bill Gates](https://www.gatesnotes.com/About-Bill-Gates/Best-Books-2015). Books I read in 2014.

### Recommended:
* _Gamorrah_ - Roberto Saviano
* _Scrum: The Art of Doing Twice the Work in Half the Time_ - Jeff Sutherland
* _Y: The Last Man_ - Brian K. Vaughan
* _World War Z_ - Max Brooks. If you like Studs Terkel, you'll like this book too.
* _The Forever War_ - Joe Halderman
* _Heart of Darkness_ - Joseph Conrad
* _The Giver_ - Lois Lowry
* _Liar's Poker_ - Michael Lewis
* _World Corporation_ - King Camp Gillette. The creater of Gillette razors imagines a utopia in the early 1900's. He proposes a new nation built on of a hydroelectric damn built over Niagra Falls. Gillette designs everything from city blocks to silverware for his new nation.


### Not Bad:

* _Turn the Ship Around!: A True Story of Turning Followers into Leaders_ - L. David Marquet
* _The Compleat Angler_ - Izaak Walton
* _The Lean Startup_ - Eric Ries
* _Pro AngularJS_ - Adam Freeman
* _Ender's Game_ - Orson Scott Card
* _The Mount_ - Carol Emshwiller. What if Aliens treated humans like Horses?
* _The Book of Muscle_ - Ian King
* _Hardcore Diaries_ - Mick Foley. [NPR Interview here](http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=9389216).

### Meh:

* _Star Wars: Darth Plagiueis_ - James Luceno
* _The Hunger Games: Catching Fire_ - Suzanne Collins. Really liked the 1st book. @nds book was ok. This was a struggle.


